applications: nrf_desktop: Add CONFIG_CAF_BLE_COMMON_EVENTS dependency (#9864)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/led_state.rst

For the complete description of peer management, see :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_bond`.

.. note::

>    If a configuration does not support Bluetooth (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_COMMON_EVENTS` is disabled), the LED is set only once during boot and LED effect represents :c:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_DISCONNECTED` for the default peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a configuration does not support Bluetooth (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_COMMON_EVENTS` is disabled), the Bluetooth peer state will not be notified.
In that case, the LED is set only once during the boot.
The set LED effect represents :c:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_DISCONNECTED` state for the default peer.
```

Reviewer: discussed with Marek
